Add Curiefense (#50)
rootsongjc/awesome-cloud-native: README.md

- [checkov](https://github.com/bridgecrewio/checkov/) - A static analysis tool for infrastructure as code - to prevent misconfigs at build time.
- [clair](https://github.com/quay/clair) - Vulnerability Static Analysis for Containers.
- [cost-model](https://github.com/kubecost/cost-model) - Cross-cloud cost allocation models for workloads running on Kubernetes.

> - [curiefense](https://github.com/curiefense/curiefense) - Adds a broad set of automated web security tools to Envoy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [curiefense](https://github.com/curiefense/curiefense) - Curiefense is a unified, open source platform protecting cloud native applications.
```

Author: That works. I was afraid it was too markety for this list. Thanks @rootsongjc!

Reviewer: Just keep it the same with the description on the repo's homepage.

Author: @rootsongjc LMK if there is anything else you need from me.
